the mid-tier phone market right now is
ripe there are a lot of really good
options in that $500 price point and I
thought I'd just make a video that
showed I guess my 5 top picks of the
bunch as well as talked about my
personal favorite of this group in order
to make this list every phone here is
really good like there's no particular
order when I'm actually talking about
the different phones they're all good
but the ones that have been excluded
from this list I've purposely excluded
like a lot of brands out there like some
of the Huawei phones in light of recent
events they're not in here but if
they're in here they're all good so
right off the bat the Samsung S 9 and s
9 Plus this is a phone that has appeared
a lot on my channel it's such an easy
phone and recommend the best things
about it are really that it's an all
rounder phone everything about this
phone is solid like the speaker's the
headphone jack the camera system the
screen like it's just such a good
all-rounder phone it covers all the
bases and it does everything really well
the camera isn't like the best thing in
the world I would say that the pixel
cameras are better in my opinion but
it's just a great all-round phone if
there's one thing I would knock on it
it's their software not the actual
software that it's running like some
people are gonna love 1 UI some people
may not it's more of a personal
preference I'm talking about their lack
of updates of software updates Samsung
is a company that makes tons of phones
tons of people have these phones around
the world but for whatever reason
they're just slow to update their phones
I mean every year you're gonna get two
maybe three major software updates which
is a lot less than some of the other
competitors out there also because this
phone is over a year old at this point
whatever lifespan that Samsung had
originally planned for supporting this
phone like if they were going to support
it for two or three years it's now one
year less so this is not gonna be
updated forever by Samsung so that's
probably it's only disadvantage
fantastic phone overall but if you care
a lot about frequent and long-term
updates that may not be the best pick
next up pixel three Axl this is Google's
answer to the whole mid tier phone
market they did an awesome job on this
phone it's plastic but it still feels
like a relatively premium phone like if
you
tell me that smells like polycarbonate
shell I would have believed that it was
glass and metal like it's just that well
made weaknesses of this phone are its
performance it's got a great camera
great software but if you really want a
fast experience this thing is noticeably
slower compared to other $500 phones out
there it also doesn't have wireless
charging if that matters to you but if
you're looking for just a good overall
experience you don't care too much of a
performance this is a great pick up next
up one plus 60 you can pick up this
phone for five hundred and fifty bucks
on their website which doesn't really
fit in the $500 category but I'm putting
it in here anyways
now oneplus as a brand has been
traditionally known as like the budget
brand budgets the wrong word but like
value brand you get good value for this
phone and over the years it's held up to
that name but I would say that right now
in mid 2019 their brand isn't as press
competitive as it used to be not that
it's a bad phone or anything I mean it's
a great phone that's why it's even in
this bunch but in terms of its price
point I don't think it stands out as
being like a value brand anymore it's
still one of the nicest looking phones
in this bunch in my opinion it's got a
relatively small notch and the software
is clean it's got - charging it does not
however have a headphone jack and I
think that this price point headphone
jacks are pretty important Shaymin
doesn't have it but that's the one +60
great phone but just not as clear of a
price leader as it used to be then we
also have our newest addition to this
lineup the zenfone 6 I really like this
phone I don't want to just oversell it
because I feel like it's easy to do when
you get something that's new and novel
like this my initial impressions of this
phone were that the hinge on the flip
camera was questionable but I've
actually tried to bust this thing like
I've been rough with it I've been
talking it around I think this thing
will actually hold up quite well
to real world use the advantages of this
phone I would say are its aesthetic it's
a really nice clean looking front I also
say the software is quite clean the flip
up camera makes water resistance on a
device like this extremely difficult so
I just I'm not gonna do water tests on
this because just looking at the
mechanism makes me feel like this thing
would bust immediately five submerged
this also the camera this is something
that I feel like Asus has always been
not
like their camera software just doesn't
process images as nicely to my eye I
hope that they fix this but that's
really it's only major flaw to me like
everything about this phone feels right
for five hundred dollars okay last up
razor phone too this is a phone that
launched for eight hundred bucks and at
that price point just it was a bad
recommendation no one was gonna openly
say like hey this is a great phone buy
for 800 bucks it is now a $500 phone
it's such a good phone at that price see
I find it unfortunate when companies do
that when they launch a phone and they
price it wrongly like when this thing
goes out at eight hundred bucks and the
camera software isn't great at launch it
kills the product like they just can't
recover from that we've seen this happen
with the essential phone a couple years
ago we now see it happen with the razor
phone where the phone is good but
because the price tag is so high the
initial reviews are just like it's not
worth the money and then they can't sell
it like at this point for 500 bucks this
is such a good phone it's not perfect
but I think it can sit with the rest of
these comfortably its main strengths is
that 120 Hertz screen super smooth super
fluid it just looks really nice I wish
it was brighter still but still a good
screen the biggest weakness I would say
is the uncertainty of future updates for
this phone razor as a company had some
shifts internally and there were rumors
that they were pulling some of the
resource out of mobile hardware
development including software so it's
you know it's possible that this phone
may not be supported really long term
but they've seemed to held up over the
past couple months I just hope that they
keep it up but okay all these are great
phones but if I had to choose one as
like the best or my favorite of the five
if you'd asked me two weeks ago I would
have gone with the s9 plus really easy
phone to recommend but I mean you've
seen this thing a bunch of times my
channel I like it a lot but because of
the introduction of the zenfone 6 this
is my favorite right now they've done
fantastic job on this device I didn't
expect it I think the world did not
expect them to make something this good
and if you're interested in a $500 phone
I highly recommend checking this thing
out
I will say this this is kind of a
message for Asus button this is a phone
that has finally gotten the attention of
a lot of eyeballs like they've made
phones for a bunch of years but they've
never been like massively popular this
phone I think will be wildly popular it
has a lot of eyeballs in North America
which is something Asus has never really
had with their zenfone lineup I hope
they kind of appreciate that and I hope
they respect that because this is a
great phone but they got to keep it
updated and they got to work on the
camera software because as it stands I
mean it could be a lot better ok that's
my favorite of the bunch I think you
can't go wrong with any of these but
that wraps up this video ok hope you
guys enjoyed it thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time